this is time for Trinidad and Tobago TT
the soca warriors time the energy is
electric
I'm sure influences children tobago we
order for the Olympic qualifiers I'm the
director of communications for the TNT
football federation the press office of
the national teams right now I want you
to tell the massive out there a quick
thing how did you guys feel when you
guys got the draw and you had to go up
against the number one team Mexico's
direction like I mean we were excited
about it you know Mexicans the Giants
and conquer but we've competed well with
them in the past time for instance just
in the pan american games last year in
guadalajara we drew them 11 once we can
stay disciplined for 90 minutes and i
never got it we can get a positive
result you see the squad behind me in
this empty stadium this is a day before
the big match I'm talking about trinidad
and tobago live right here in the home
depot center in carson california this
is where it goes down the Olympic Trials
trended and tobago vs mexico we had a
very difficult qualifying wrong so we
have to play a lot of games but what it
what we been able to achieve is a lot of
much practice playing together with each
other and you know going to the Pan Am
Games it did give us a sense of how to
play against these Central American
countries and it's a good bunch that we
have you know a lot of guys played out
on the seven teams and under-20 World
Cup and nowadays the graduation for them
and now is it time for them to show what
they have balloon in all these years
prior to coming to Los Angeles we were
in Fort Lauderdale and also Jamaica for
a training camp before we arrived at is
a big and special year for tuna and
tobago as you know you guys are turning
a big 50 now what would it be like with
this journey to actually qualify make it
to the Olympics what would that mean for
you yeah that's going to be a fantastic
achievement as you rightly said the big
50 if we can get to London to England to
celebrate these independence by printing
Olympics and then obviously we're no
longer in the running for the 2014 woke
up so in a way this is like all work
outfit for this the spirit we are the
only scary and team in a sense because
the other team came up as Cuba so we
really represent the Caribbean and I
think that all the people should come
out because Mexico are going to come out
and support their team and no care of
you from Guyana Barbados Jamaica where
ever you know it was the same thing in
1998 when we supported Jamaica when they
went to the World Cup you know the guys
would need your support come out and get
em dad and let him feel a Caribbean
flavor you see behind me that's the
Mexico tea
this is the squad that's going to be the
competition for the Caribbean team
that's holding it down for all the week
we're talking about Rinna and tobago
we're talking about the soca warriors
let's get it in it everybody make sure
you there